.TH NCF1 5 "June 2012" UNIX "File Formats Manual" 
.SH NAME
NCF - Nemesis Configuration Format
.SH DESCRIPTION

\&VERSION 1

\&Each script line is treated as a separate entry. Trailing and leading whitespaces as well
\&as tabs are stripped. Blank lines and strings following the pound-sign (#) are treated 
\&as comments, and are ignored. Local files can be included at the parsing stage with the 
\&following command:

\&	%include path_to_file

\&Each entry constitutes an instruction. Variables can be created implicitly by referencing 
\&them at run-time or explicitly with the following syntax:

\&	name = value

\&Blocks are defined to group together instructions. They can contain other blocks thus creating 
\&a hierarchy. A stack is used to keep track of the groups at the parsing stage. In order 
\&to begin a new block, it must be pushed to the stack with the instruction:

\&	name = {

\&Accordingly, in order to end a block, it must be popped with:

\&	}

\&Groups can also be created implicitly, simply by referencing them. Unbalanced group instructions are
\&reported as script errors, however the parser will still try to execute the script.

\&Each block has its own data stack. The variable scope is local and restricted to the block. 
\&Bottom-most assignments within the same block preveil. Sub-blocks are only used to create hierarchical 
\&relationships and parent blocks have no direct access to sub-block variables or vice versa.

\&References can be defined to substitute values in assignments instructions during the parsing stage 
\&in order to reuse strings that are defined upwards in the hierarchy. A reference is defined as:

\&	<name>

.SH AUTHOR
."BR bar (1)"
Written by Nikos Papadopoulos <nikpapas at gmail dot com>
